DOC-1256 clarify status of zoning and offloading (#1285)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/glossary.md

## GDK for Unreal terms

### Actor groups

> To facilitate [offloading](#offloading), we've created the concept of Actor groups to help you configure which Actor types a given server-worker type has [authority](#authority) over. In the Unreal Editor, you can create Actor groups, assign Actor classes to a group, and then assign each group to a server-worker type.

Reviewer: The register here is different to the glossary and the rest of the docs. It's chatty, rather than factual. "We've created the concept of". (Reads like it's lifted from the blog?)

Suggest we make this a statement... as we know this is a new term we have created. We are in the glossary.
```suggestion
Actor groups facilitate multiserver functionality through [offloading](#offloading);  you set them up to configure which Actor types instances of a [server-worker type](#worker-types-and-instances) has [authority](#authority) over. In the Unreal Editor, you can create Actor groups, assign Actor classes to a group, and then assign each group to a server-worker type via the SpatialOS Runtime Settings panel.
```

Author: Yup, this was a non-tech-writered addition. Will update.

> **Find out more:**

> > 

Reviewer: Add to "find out more"
`* [the SpatialOS Runtime Settings panel]({{urlRoot/}}content/unreal-editor-interface/runtime-settings)`

### Authority

> If a [server-worker instance](#server-workers) has authority over an Actor, the server-worker instance can make changes to the Actor by sending updates to the [SpatialOS Runtime](#spatialos-runtime). A server-worker instance has authority over an Actor if it has authority over the equivalent [entity](#entity)’s [SpatialOS component](#spatialos-component) `Position`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a [server-worker instance](#server-workers) has authority over an Actor, the server-worker instance can make changes to the Actor by sending updates to the [SpatialOS Runtime](#spatialos-runtime). A server-worker instance has authority over an Actor if it has authority over the equivalent [entity](#entity)’s [SpatialOS component](#spatialos-component) `Position`. 
```
When anchors the statement more. (Not significant change but makes it a bit of a stronger assertion.)

### Offloading

> Offloading is one of the multiserver options for working with SpatialOS. It involves allocating the [authority](#authority) over specific [Actor groups](#actor-groups) to a [server-worker instance](#worker-types-and-worker-instances) other than your main Unreal server-worker instance. 

Reviewer: See comment below that this gives an overview of how this works but not what it is.

It assumes you already know.

See text I suggested for "Overview" intro.

> For example, you could offload computationally expensive but latency-tolerant systems, such as advanced AI or large-scale background physics simulation, so that your main server-worker instance can run other systems at a larger scale.

Reviewer: If we use the text for Overview, as suggested here, we could amend this slightly.
Also, standardising with "computation" as what worker instances do.

```suggestion
Advanced AI and large-scale background physics computation are good candidates for offloading as they are computationally expensive but latency-tolerant. This would leave your game's out-of-the-box main server-worker instance to run other game systems at a larger scale.
```

>
> [Worker configuration file `worker.json`](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/worker-configuration)

### Zoning

> Zoning is one of the multiserver options for working with SpatialOS. It involves splitting up the world into zones, known as “areas of [authority](#authority)”, with a different [server-worker instance](#server-workers) responsible for each. A server-worker instance can make updates only to Actors that are in its area of authority.

Reviewer: Might be worth adding at the end of the first sentence that the other one is "offloading"?
